Identity update changelog and docs for 1.9.0-beta.2 release (#34439)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

|---|---|---|
|AADSTS50126|The provided username or password is invalid|Ensure the `username` and `password` provided when constructing the credential are valid.|

## Troubleshoot `WorkloadIdentityCredential` authentication issues
`CredentialUnavailableException`
| Error Message |Description| Mitigation |
|---|---|---|

> |The workload options are not fully configured.|The workload identity configuration was not provided in environment variables or through `WorkloadIdentityCredentialOptions`.|Ensure the appropriate environment variables are set **prior to application startup** or they are specified in code.</p><ul><li>To configure the `WorkloadIdentityCredential` via the environment ensure the variables `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID` and `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` are properly set.</li><li>To configure the `WorkloadIdentityCredential` in code ensure `ClientId`, `TenantId` and `TokenFilePath` are set on the `WorkloadIdentityCredentialOptions` passed to the constructor of the `WorkloadIdentityCredential`</li><ul>|

Reviewer: In practice variables will be set by the workload identity admission webhook
```suggestion
|The workload options are not fully configured.|The workload identity configuration was not provided in environment variables or through `WorkloadIdentityCredentialOptions`.|Ensure the appropriate environment variables are set **prior to application startup** or they are specified in code.</p><ul><li>To configure the `WorkloadIdentityCredential` via the environment ensure the variables `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST`, `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID` and `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` are set by the admission webhook.</li><li>To configure the `WorkloadIdentityCredential` in code ensure `ClientId`, `TenantId` and `TokenFilePath` are set on the `WorkloadIdentityCredentialOptions` passed to the constructor of the `WorkloadIdentityCredential`</li><ul>|
```
